Timing and Subtitles by the I'm Trapped Team @ chiblitokyo
Cheese in the Trap
Thank you for walking me home. We are here
Thank you for bringing me home.
Then, I'll be going..
Seol.
Yes?
Do you want to go out with me?
Your answer is?
I don't know why you're saying this, so suddenly...
You really don't know?
Yes. And I don't have any intention yet of trying to date a boyfriend.
Really?
No, no, it's not like that. Sunbae, it's not that I don't like you.
It's just that...
Then let's date.
I think it'll be fine then.
Let's do it... Hmm?
Y-Yes.
I'm happy.
It's late. Go inside.
Yes.
No way.
It doesn't make sense.
Back to basics with English...
This makes no sense! Crazy!
It makes no sense! Crazy! Crazy! Crazy!
It's crazy!
I can't.
Today I didn't even drink.
What is going on...?
It makes no sense. It's unimaginable.
It's not real. What is Sunbae lacking to date me?
No way. No way. Because he actually likes me?
Yeah, there is no evidence that he has liked you up until now...
But really, would he have asked to date you if he didn't like you?
Think about what happened last year! Are you going to ignore the put-downs?
And suddenly he says he like you? He's got some ulterior motive.
You're right...
It's suspicious.
Why did you nod your head?
That's what I say.
Why on earth did I do it?
Episode 4
How do I look at Sunbae's face?
I'm going to talk to the kids again. Yeah.
Oh, it's break!
That's right. It's break now!
He'll be busy.
Thank goodness.
It's vacation!
What should I do? What do I do if I run into him?
If he makes it obvious in front of the others, it will be awkward.
S-Seon...
Hong Seol. Hi!
- Yoo Jeong...let's go! - Yeah.
S-Sunbae!
Hi!
What do you want to eat? Oh...so hungry!
- I'm hungry. - What shall we eat?
What was that? Did he really ask to date me?
I wasn't expecting anything special,
but still, this wasn't it.
What is it? Does he regret it? That's what I should be doing.
That's right, you should put in some effort.
Sorry.
GPA is 4.3. That's a given these days.
There are no extra-curricular activities (internet, etc).
TOEIC 830
Does this meet graduaton standards? No grades for "speaking".
Yes, I have yet to do the "speaking" part.
What is this? What company and what area will you be going to once you graduate?
Student, why did you come into business administration?
Student, what is your real dream?
Dream? What dream?
Even if I wanted to dream, I don't have the money for tutoring.
Are the tutoring fees the issue?
I have to resolve getting tuition for next term.
It's already too late for a scholarship.
Do I have to take another term off?
You can't get a scholarship? Why not?
In one course, my grades weren't very good.
So maybe Mom you could help just a little this time?
Good job.
You have the audacity to ask for money from home in this situation?
Who's the one who created this situation?
And have you ever helped pay for Seol's tuition?
What good is it pay all this money for a girl to go to school?
The man is supposed to set up the house.
That's what I'm saying! All that expensive money spent to put the men of this house through school.
They don't know anything!
Mom...
I've heard hot air countlessly.
What a billion times? Ten billion times?
Don't you dare even mention business again!
- If I mention it! What are you going to do if I do?
What do you know about business?!
It's because I have an unlucky woman next to me that even something that is supposed to work out well doesn't work!
Yelling after you lost all our money!
Mom... Is it possible, again?
Yeah. He lost it again!
Talking so big that it was going to work this time.
We don't even have the money for rent.
I will eat well.
How does it taste?
It's good!
That's good.
Do you think I could sell it?
You're going to sell noodles?
I have to at least do something.
We might end up on the streets if we keep this up.
You are you, too, but what do we do about Joon?
If he stubbornly sent his son to study abroad,
he should at least take responsibility for it!
He sends him because he wants to and now what am I supposed to do?
Say, Seol...
Can you move out of your rental?
To pay for Joon's school and your tuition,
let's try to make it work with it. It might be hard to commute,
but you can't take another term off.
Okay.
I didn't like it anyway.
Going up and down once tires my legs so much.
And the next door neighbor is so sensitive.
And the door is crap.
Yeah, it's for the better.
It was too small and cramped.
Too hot in summer and cold in winter.
The walls are crap.
Why did Mom only pack kimchi?
Sure, I'll commute 4 hours,
and get to eat mom's food.
It's a good thing.
I'm so relieved
But why isn't Sunbae contacting me?
Is everyone like this?
I don't know anything about this.
I should ask Ah Young.
Oh right, she went backpacking.
Okay, I don't know.
Whatever. Don't worry about it. When did you ever worry about things like this?
I'll treat you guys since the exams are over.
It's going to be expensive, so don't cry about it if you miss out.
Shall I casually reconnoiter?
What is this? This is so awkward. So frustrating.
Let's just act like we did before.
I'm sorry.
I didn't have time to relax then because I was too caught up with my grades and scholarships.
Actually talking about myself is uncomfortable and embarrassing.
I'll do better from now on. I'll tell you everything if something's wrong.
No, I wasn't saying that you had to tell me everything about yourself.
I just thought that we were the best of friends, but I didn't know anything about you.
And that made me really disappointed.
Bo Ra.
I'm sorry, Seol. I won't try to set you up as much from now on.
Instead, let's be a bit more honest with each other now.
I'll be more honest.
Seol!
My friend.
Enough with that. Hurry and take this.
I was so worried that I wouldn't be able to eat this after coming here.
Hey, you should've stacked the food like a mountain.
Hurry. Stop talking and eat a bunch.
Ah, let's eat.
Bon appétit.
I saw Sunbae Yoo Jeong at school today.
Where?
- Out front.- Why did he come to school during break?
- Did he say anything to you?- Nope.
Why do you ask, though? Do you have some business with him?
I don't.
Hey, Eun Taek. You witnessed it earlier, right?
You heard her holding my hand and saying, "I'll be more honest," to me, right?
Of course. It seems like she's trying. Let's wait a little longer.
Do you know anything about tutoring jobs?
Nope.
I have to go to get a part time job.
We're waiting. We're waiting.
That's...
So?
Sunbae Yoo Jeong asked me to date.
Stop saying weird things, hurry and tell us the truth!
Really!
I don't know why he suddenly did that,
but he asked me to date him and never contacted me after that.
I don't even know if I'm supposed to contact him first or not. Anyway, I'm saying it's odd.
What should I do?
See, I knew you guys wouldn't believe it.
I don't believe it either.
What's wrong?
See? I told you that there was something between those two. I—
Hey! Hurry and tell us from the start.
Stop eating, tell us what happened properly.
That's all.
What should I do?
Since when did Yoo Jeong start liking you?
The atmosphere between you two wasn't really good when you guys first met. This is amazing.
I wonder what Yoo Jeong found attractive about Hong.
No matter how I see it, she doesn't have any charms.
Hey. Why doesn't she have charm?
She's responsible. She's responsible...
- And also she's responsible? - Yes she is.
That's right.
Then...
Who is it? Sunbae?
Hello?
Are you going to take a part-time job?
Teacher Assistant Heo?
An office assistant part-time job?
Are you going to do it or not? Decide now.
- But why are you suddenly...
Are you not going to do it? Don't go back on your words.
No, I'm going to do it. I'll do it.
Mondays. Nine in the morning.
Just try and be late to work.
She's going to do it. Gosh...
- What? Teaching Assistant Heo offered you a part time job?  - Yeah.
That's awesome.
It would be a total dream too, but how did this happen?
What is that? You have to be specially selected for that.
Why is he being like this only to you?
Teacher Assistant Heo must have thought well of Hong.
You're just jealous.
- I'm going.  - You're leaving?
Hey, just call Sunbae now.
Call him and tell him you'll do the part-time job and ask him about his break, too.
Dating is all about timing.
Just go for it. Okay?
If you're so good at dating, then why haven't you dated since going to college?
It's not because I can't, it's because I don't want to. Are you kidding me?
I'm telling you...
Noona, Hong is all set now,
so can we rehash what I talked about before?
I don't know! I'm not talking with an ugly guy.
I'm leaving.
Is it because I don't have any charm?
During this break, I got a part-time job at the school.
What are you doing during the break?
Send?
Send.
Don't Seol, don't...
One, two...
Really, That's good.
Have a good break.
Is he saying that we won't see each other during the break?
Why is dating like this?
The break started.
Office work from 9 to 5.
It's definitely a dream job... Except for one thing.
Hello.
Why are you so late?
I'm asking you why you're so late?
Come here.
Hurry!
Did I tell you to arrive 10 minutes early or not?
Do I look easy to you just because I'm still a teacher's assistant at this age?
Teacher Assistant Heo, why are you being like this?
It's not even 9 yet.
It's a given that she should've came earlier on her first day.
Hey, just go and wash the cups.
- Wash the cups. Stop looking at me and wash the cups.  - Yes.
Seol, your seat is here. Leave your bag there and then go wash the cups.
Teacher Assistant Heo is weird.
I know he's very particular to begin with.
Hello.
It's not even time yet, why are you so early?
Oh, so you must have a lot of time on your hands.
Then don't go home from now on. You got it?
You can just live here.
These need to be organized.
Sort them all in alphabetical order.
What are you doing? Hurry and sort them.
Thank you.
Tastes good.
How did you make this?
By your request, I made it dark.
But coffee is better iced.
Put a bunch of ice in it.
- You can't have cold things though.- Yes I can.
I have ice in whatever I eat.
Eyyy. From earlier you were fussing and wailing that you had to go to the bathroom and had an upset stomach.
What are you talking about? Remake it. Thanks.
It's only been a few days. I'm already tired of this.
- Sunbae never contacted me after...- What are you...
Why are you using your cellphone?
Ah! Is there something else you want me to do?
If someone heard this, they'd think that I always order you around.
You should put it away because you came to work.
Jeong! It's break, what are you doing here?
Sunbae.
You came here to work so you shouldn't take out your cell phone. You need to put it away.
Jeong, why are you at school when it's the break?
- Hi.  - Sunbae.
- Why are you here?- I came to see Seol for a moment.
Seol?
What is this? Are you guys dating or what?
Are you guys dating?
- Yes.- Awesome. Really? Oh my gosh.
- I'm so jealous.- Are you working hard?  - Yes
-Oh, right. Have some of this while you work.-Thank you.
- Seol can leave for a moment, right?  - Yes.
Yeah, go ahead.
Go on out.
I'll be back soon.
Oh and thank you for everything, Teacher Assistant Heo.
It's nothing to make a big deal over.
I'm taking classes during the semester break. I'll come by often.
See you.
- Take your time, Seol.- Yes.
Does this mean I'm going see that jerk's face often?
The work isn't too hard?
- No.  - Did you miss me?
I didn't hear from you. I missed you.
- You did, Sunbae?  - Yes.
- Why?  - No, I...
The last message you sent
made it seem like you meant for us to not meet at all during the break.
That was just a text to wish you a good break.
Ah, why am I like this?!
I feel so bad.
I didn't know that you would think like that. I'm sorry.
I-It's fine. I'm sorry, I didn't know that it meant that.
To be honest, I...
It's my first time dating...
Seol, when you have time this weekend,
should we go on a date?
A date?
Hey you! You should try going around wearing something fancy.
Something fancy?
Because your face is dull.
I only have dull clothing.
That's right, this.
That's good.
Hey, Dog fur!
Dog fur!
I'm going to straighten it.
Of course, this is how Baek In Ha spends.
Otherwise, it wouldn't be like her.
Yes, Father, it's me.
I have something to tell you.
The academy called saying that
In Ha asked for a refund of the tuition fee.
I think some financial pressure is necessary.
Without financial support In Ha too will get her head on straight.
Yes, Father.
I'll see you in front of the office at 2 pm.
Dog Fur! Where are you going? It's the weekend. When are you treating me?
- I don't have time.- So when are you going to treat me?
Do you not have anything else to do? You're always wandering about in the neighborhood.
Wande— I just came from trying to get a part-time job.
Wandering around?
You went to an interview dressed like that?
- What's wrong with this?- It looks too worn out.
- Worn?- I mean...
When you go to an interview, it's crucial for you to leave a good impression.
Don't wear a t-shirt, but a shirt with a collar. A long-sleeved one.
And even if you unbutton it, maybe just one.
Your pants should also not have rips and holes in them. Try wearing something black or navy.
Also, going bare feet is the same as suicide.
I haven't heard anyone getting a job after going to an interview barefoot.
Then what about you?
Who are you to say anything to me after wearing strange clothes?
- What? Me?- Are you going to a senior gathering or something?
Your're wearing grandma-like clothes.
I wore the fanciest clothes I owned.
Fancy? Did you really wear this because I told you to dress fancier?
Wow, I didn't know I had such an impression on you.
But this isn't fancy, it's granny.
You aren't going to meet a guy dressed like this, right?
You're probably not. You're not, right?
If you wear this to meet a guy... This doesn't make sense.
You're probably not. Really.
- Yah, Dog— Yah!
You really look like a grandmother from the back!
Am I a bit late?
No, I just got here too.
- You're pretty.- I didn't really do anything.
Oh, you bought the tickets already.
Do you want popcorn? I'll buy it.
I have a coupon.
It's a 4,000 won discount.
Do you want cheese or onion? Which flavor...
Why is he like this?
- Does he not know what a coupon is?- Uh...
We still have some time left.
Do you want to go to a cafe?
But we don't have a lot of time, it's just going to be a waste of money.
So how this works is...
You shoot when you step on it and you hide when you step off.
Understand? Also, when you want to reload, just shake it like this.
When you want to change your gun, press it 1, 2, 3, 4 times.
Anyway, this time it's for real... Try it, it's really fun.
Now! There.
Awesome! That's amazing!
Awesome! Awesome! You made a new record!
Sunbae, is this really the first time you've done this?
- Do you want to give it a try?- This isn't me, this isn't me. I'll try, I'll try.
- Oh...- This is so awkward.
What? You were the one to buy me stuff just because you liked me. Hey!
What do you mean cough it up? It's the cost for catering to and playing with you.
- Customer...- Don't contact me ever again.
I'll call the police if you try calling me again, you jerk.
- What?- I'm sorry, but this card has been suspended.
What? This is so annoying.
This one also doesn't work, customer.
Are you sure you swiped it correctly?
It worked well yesterday, why would it suddenly...?
He did this to me?
Ahjusshi, what am I going to do if you suddenly stop my card?
How is a woman living alone supposed to live without money?
In Ha, I told you I'd give you a job once you pass your certification.
These days it's hard for young people to get job opportunities. Why aren't you trying when given the chance?
It's too hard to pass the certification.
You know that I'm not that smart.
Don't blame your head. You have to try.
You're an adult now, too.
You should try getting a proper job.
But I have to have tuition fees to go to classes. You're going to give me tuition fees, aren't you?
Just for the first month.
I've told the school, so you can't get it refunded.
And I'm going to check to see if you're going.
Jeong even said that you need to study.
He insisted to me that you need to have a career.
Jeong, too?
Because many people are concerned about you like that,
get ready to find a job.
I have great expectations from you.
Yoo Jeong that fox-like jerk!
But why is he making a big deal of cutting me off? Why?
What did I do? I was just quietly shopping!
Oh why, WHY?!
Baek In Ha
Make me something I can use for reading.
Even our tastes in movies don't match.
I like action movies better than this.
Is it not interesting?
You're not going to eat any?
Yeah -- don't mind me, just eat.
Baek In Ha
Go ahead and answer it.
No, I don't have to answer it.
Is there gold dust sprinkled on the food here?
Why is it so expensive?
Excuse me... Sunbae, we don't have to eat here.
The atmosphere is too stiff here, isn't it?
The food here is good, though.
Something cheap... The cheapest one...
Oh, this. This, this.
Did you decide?
Yes.
The fact that this is over 10,000 won...
Sunbae must be accustomed to places like this.
Are you really going to be fine with just that? Try some of this.
Ah no, it's okay.
Don't you eat meat?
I ate too much popcorn before.
Then you must feel like you had too much greasy food. Let's have a glass of wine.
Huh?
No, it's really okay.
- I'll go with this one.  - Yes.
Even a 15,000 Won soup feels excessive to me,
yet Sunbae orders wine as if it's nothing.
I want to go home.
You have a good physique and you look strong.
Come to work tomorrow.
Yes!
- Soo Hwi,- Oh, Director.
Who's that?
I hired our new janitor.
Hello, I'm Baek In Ho.
It's too much of a waste to use him as a janitor.
They only took a couple of photos of me. Why did they give me so much money?
Do they have a lot of money?
To think that Dog Fur can be useful at times.
I guess clothes do give you wings?
- Hello.  - Hey, do you have money?
How did you know?
What's with him? Where did he pick up clothes that don't even suit him?
Oh, how disgusting! What is this?
- But you hate dressing up? Did you go on an arranged date?- What? What do you want?
Where's the money? Did you bring it?
Do you want to be punched by me?
Do you think I'm doing this because I want to? That jerk, Yoo Jeong,
convinced Ahjusshi to suspend all of my cards.
I thought it was weird when he told me to get a certificate and find a job.
He knew that I wouldn't do it.
He's acting so cheap just because I wouldn't listen to him.
I don't even have money to live off of right now. What if I starve and die because they suspended my cards?
What have you been doing that you don't have any money, you bum?
I don't even have money to go back home with. Hurry and give me money.
Well...
This will really be the last time.
Please just wake up. Until when do you think that family is going to take care of you?
Don't you know already that Yoo Jeong's trying to cut us out of his life after he suspended your cards?
It's not us. It's probably just you.
If you'd get rid of that "don't give a crap" attitude and walk with only your head down, it would be all over.
I told you to stop talking about that.
If you don't like it, you can just go hide and disappear again.
I abandoned you once. You don't think I can do it again?
Yah! You...
Oh, seriously!
Teacher Assistant Heo seems like he's making it hard on you.
Ah, well, you know his personality is irritable to begin with.
It's not like I didn't know.
I wanted to study English with my free time, but there was just too much for me to do.
Study English?
Yeah, I went to employment counseling and they told me that I was lacking in speaking English.
Ah, that... I know someone who opened an academy. Should I introduce you guys?
He'll give you a discount if I tell him you're my friend.
Ah no, it's alright.
It will be hard to find time to study during the semester. Wouldn't it be better to do it during the break?
True. That's right. But this time...
Is it here?
Yes, that's right, over there.
Now what? Don't tell me... No don't, don't...
Thank you for today. Drive home safely.
Yes.
I'll watch you go. Hurry and go.
Ah, that was hard.
Are all dates this tiring?
Ah... So uncomfortable...
Ah, I'm so hungry.
I will have rice.
Let's see.
Your call cannot be connected. At the beep...
Is he not going to pick up for the entire day?
Sure. Let's see who's going to win until the end.
I'm going to call until you pick up.
Yah, where are you right now? Let's meet.
Why would I?
Did you suspend In Ha's card?
You should have at least cut them off after she got a job.
I warned you, not to be around me.
What?!
Hey, hey!
That bast—
Welcome.
The reason he doesn't want me to hang around, is because of her?
But I don't want to listen. What are you going to do?
What kind of girl eats this kind of food
like a wrestler at this time?
You didn't buy kimchi, right?
I want to buy it, but I'm missing 500 won.
Ramen without kimchi is like steamed buns without the filling. Or wraps without the meat.
And chicken without the pickled radishes. What else is there?
Now I can live.
I will eat well.
Don't eat it. It's mine.
I bought it.
You bought it for me. If so, what kind of ownership is this for me?
Let's split it in half.
Let's split it in half evenly.
You have too much.
Wait.
You look better dressed like that.
You look much better than earlier, too.
- Did you get the part-time job?- Thanks to you.
Are you ambidextrous? That's unique.
Who?
I was originally left-handed, but I became this way after an accident.
Yoo Jeong did this to my hand.
Sunbae,
did that to your hand?
I suppose you can't tell by looking at him.
You be careful, too.
Later if you get stabbed in the back and cry, I won't help you.
Yes, Father.
- Did you get a call from In Ha?  - Yes.
Yes. Even so don't push so hard.
If you don't loosen up on the reins, and
keep on pulling hard, it's an easy way to fall off the horse.
Yes. Don't be too concerned about In Ha.
I will take care of it.
Okay, I know.
Don't think you're getting off because you bought some kimchi.
Buy me a meal.
I, too,
can barely survive working so hard.
Hey, at least you work in air-conditioning. How hard can that be?
It would be better if it were physical labor.
I get abused whether I try hard or not.
I get blamed if I make mistakes or not.
Whether I make coffee or not,
I get cursed at.
So, do you just take all that?
Of course, that's why your life is so suffocating.
You're always saying, "No, it's fine. Yes, I understand," or
"I'll try my best," right?
If you continue living your life like that,
you are going to live on the short end.
I don't know
about the world.
If you just live like a fool, you're going to be on the short end.
Look, you just let me insult you.
If you're thankful, then buy me a meal.
What shall we do next? Do you want to cooly gnaw on some Korean beef for once?
This jerk and meat...
Excuse me! My biggest stress is being indebted to you!
Did you leave your money with me?
You really have gone too far.
That's right. That's how you should talk back.
I'm going.
He looks like a scam artist.
Aigoo, I'm so full. I think I can live now.
He doesn't seem like a bad person.
What happened between Sunbae and him?
Can he hear me?
I've talked to the academy, so make sure to go.
His pushiness is phenomenal.
Is it okay for me to keep accepting?
Thank you. About today...
It was fun.
Sorry, I feel like I'm always mooching off of you.
Next time, I'll buy you a meal.
Okay, sleep well.
You too, sleep well.
This is what I'm supposed to do, right?
It's awkward.
For free? Not even a discount, but for free?
Yes, the director left special instructions.
I understand.
- Are you registering or not?  - I'll come back.
It looks like him.
Hey, Dog Fur! What are you doing here? You go to school here?
Yes, why...
I told you about my job, I work here.
I am an advertising model and a teacher's assistant in the children's class.
And I do some miscellaneous jobs.
But why do we keep getting so entwined?
Let's eat together from now on.
We can have snacks and drinks together then.
Hey, I'm glad I got this job.
Congratulations on getting hired.
- Do your work.  - Okay, go.
We'll see each other every day now.
Why is it that academy out of all of them?
Did he do it on purpose?
- Thanks, honey. There's nothing you can't do.- It was nothing.
- Oh, honey, you came?  - Hello.  - This is
- the landlady's grandson. Greet him.  - Hello.  - Hello.
Oh, that's right. Are your windows okay?
I said our window which was rattling too much should be fixed and he just came to fix it.
- Oh, really? I bet your skills are really good.  - Oh, no they're not.
Tell him to change your window.
It's quite bothersome.
Yes, then I guess I can take a look at it.
The neighborhood's been noisy about the local thief.
It's good to take precautions beforehand.
- And you're a woman...  - That's great!
- Thank you, then... - Go on in.
But do you advertise? Don't you advertise?
- Yes, it's over here.  - Okay.
Wow, this is serious.
Oh, this looks like it will come off with just a little pressure.
Should I lift the mattress?
- Oh, yes.  - Help me with it. Wait a second.
I don't know if I can fix it perfectly.
- I'm not a repairman.  - It's okay.
I'm thankful that you're taking a look at it.
I don't think I have all the tools, but I'll give it a try.
I'll move out of this room.
Can I leave before the lease is over?
I don't know that well,
but I'll ask my grandmother.
Yes. Yes, Sunbae.
Hello?
I went to the academy today,
and they told me that it was for free.
I didn't know. He must have done that because you're my friend.
Yes. But to not pay at all is a bit...
you know.
Just attend happily.
- Are you home?  - The landlady's grandson
is checking the window.
- Teacher Cho. - Yes?
Can't you fix your pronunciation?
It's difficult because it's my native tongue.
My goodness, since you speak English with that accent,
Ah Jeong, what brings you here? One moment please.
I'll see you later.
This is for the favor I asked, and just this and that.
It wasn't anything much, you didn't have to do this.
What is your relationship with that girl that you asked me for a favor?
What is it? Is she your girlfriend?
I haven't told my father yet, so please keep it a secret.
Wow, then I got introduced to her before the chairman.
It's an honor.
Oh, is the chairman doing well?
- Yes.  - Is that someone you know?
Yes.
Here. Finish this by today, it's urgent.
He's starting again.
Yes, is that for today?
It's too much work to get done.
All you have to punch in X's. Why can't you do that?
If you keep living that way, people will always take advantage of you.
Senior Heo, I apologize but it's too much to get done in one day.
Even if it weren't me, it would be too much for anyone to do.
Did you eat something wrong today? I said it was urgent. Just do what I tell you to do!
You're talking about the thing that is supposed to be done by next week, aren't you?
Technically speaking it is. But it's better if it's done sooner.
I'll try to do it as quickly as I can
although it might not be done by today.
What?
Seol.
Jeong! Thanks.
Jeong, hurry up and take Seol out. Buy her something good to eat.
Go.
Let's go.
I'll be right back.
Thank you for the class.
Oh, is it worth going to? And there's nothing else going on?
It's probably better not to bring up Baek In Ho, right?
It doesn't seem like they get along. It will only ruin his mood.
No, there's nothing much going on.
Really? That's a relief.
But what brings you here in the morning?
I just wanted to see your face before going to class.
Why? You don't like it?
No.
I better get going. I'll call you after class.
Okay.
There's nothing going on.
Your grades are also good so is that why you are going as an exchange student for language training?
I'm just getting worn out.
How long will you be gone?
It might take another year.
A year? Ah, you were close with Jeong, weren't you?
Jeong was briefly here at school earlier, too.
Why was Yoo Jeong here during the break?
Why? Seol and Jeong...
Assistant Kim!
Oh.
I wasn't supposed to say, was I? Sorry.
Come and talk with me.
I'm in the middle of working hours.
It will only take a moment. Come talk to me.
What do you have to say?
You tried so hard to deceive me that you weren't, but in the end, you're dating.
We really weren't dating back then.
In any case, it just turned out like this, so I hope you're not too disappointed.
I'm not in a position to get mad either.
What?
I have something to say.
Actually, as you know, I didn't like you very much.
I was already annoyed that I lost my top spot to you, but one day Sunbae started talking about you and taking care of you.
And after the fight over your report, he started acting cold to me.
That's why I sent that homeless man to you.
Do you see the light on over on the second floor?
Over there?
If you go there, there is a girl waiting for you who will listen to you.
Do you know what you're saying right now?
I didn't intend for you to get hurt.
And I went to Yoo Jeong to help because I became worried about you.
I even told him that you might be in danger, but he just left.
What is it that you want to say?
So Sunbae Yoo Jeong...
What's important about Sunbae Yoo Jeong helping or not helping?
What's important is that you did that to me.
Don't you see the scar? What if it had been my face?
That's why I'm apologizing like this, that it was hard for me.
If it was so hard for you, how did you keep it in?
You're apologizing after coincidentally running into me?
You want to be on top, and get the guy, and it would be nice if the kid you didn't like got knocked down a little.
And you want to apologize to ease your conscience. And you want to pass the blame onto someone else.
Why do you only do whatever you want all the way to the end?
Okay, I understand. I'm really sorry.
You are really not sorry.
Go. I don't have anything further to say to you.
Joo Yeon, don't ever show up in front of me again.
They're both really vicious.
Hold up your arm.
My goodness, why are there so many homeless people these days?
I'm late.
Sunbae, what brings you here?
I called the guards.
You should have stopped where the line was drawn.
I came because I was really worried about Seol.
I didn't know it would get this far. Can't you overlook it this once?
This really won't do.
I'll do as you ask. But this is as far as it goes.
Don't ever come into my sight again.
I'm not going to tell you that Sunbae helped you, Hong Seol.
And the fact that he isn't the warm person you think he is.
Total.
Everybody, total.
If what Joo Yeon said was true,
why in the world did he ask to date me.
What is he thinking?
Fourteen.
Courage to move forward.
Dog fur!
Hello.
What's wrong? Something happened?
No, I will leave first.
Where do you think you're going? Come here.
Why are you being like this?
- Come here.- Why are you doing this?
Now, you fold the tests like this. And you pass them out to the children to solve.
Now, student Bob. Catch this.
Good job, good luck on the test. Good job!
But can you really fold test papers like this?
Of course. They're kids. Kids. Kids like it better when you do this.
Now, student Charles. See, he likes it. Charles, catch this. Do your best!
But the plane doesn't fly well.
It flew.
You can't fold it like that. For a plane, see, I'll show you.
What other student is there?
There's a lot. There's Jack, too.
Jack. Student Jack, good luck on your test.
Did you see that? This is a plane. Now, student Jack.
Isn't that better?
You laughed.
I don't have an umbrella though.
The one who loses going (running) to the store has to buy the umbrella.
Then I'm at a disadvantage.
- One.- I said I wasn't going to do it.
Three!
I said I wasn't going to do it!
I made some money.
What kind of girl cheats whenever it comes to money?
What? What kind of man whines about it to the end? You even shoved me in order to win.
Forget it. Never mind.
Your oppa can buy at least this much.
But, why did you look so down at English class? Did something happen?
No.
You're lying. I could tell just by looking at you. There is, isn't there?
It stopped raining.
You're right.
What you said last time,
about your hand. Did Sunbae really do that?
Why? After spending time with him, are you starting to believe me?
Is what you said the truth?
Something happened with him, didn't it?
No.
Stop saying, no, no, and just say it. You'll get old that way.
Quit that. You always turn everything into a joke.
I'm not joking. It's because you really look old.
Look in the mirror. You'll be completely aged by then.
Sunbae.
Timing and Subtitles by the I'm Trapped Team @ viki. com
You said there were burglars in the neighborhood.
Just in case, I checked your door and windows.
Okay.
The almighty Yoo Jeong is worrying about others.
Because she's my girlfriend.
♫ Just one belief ♫
♫ I really wanna take your heart♫
♫ Although it may be scattered ♫
♫ Because my night  ♫
♫ is like your day  ♫
Was it because of your amazing girlfriend that you went so far as to end my sister's bread and butter?
I am holding on to your girlfriend.
I wish you would be honest with me.
I won't ever do anything to make you mad, Seol.
Who is this? Isn't this Yoo Jeong's girlfriend?
As expected, Yoo Jeong's girlfriend is different.
Did he not come today? Your boyfriend must not have come today.
What about me? We weren't like this last year.
After spending time together, what do you think?
I like it.
Hey, Dog Fur. If you knew what I was doing for you right now, you'd be shocked.
What is your relationship with my brother?
Why are you messing with her? Her?
In your present state, can you handle a relationship?
That's by Dog Fur's house.
It isn't even a big deal.
Thank you.
Because words don't work with people like me.
Who made me like this?
Is it the truth?
- It's the truth.  - Why?
Why do I have to avoid Baek In Ho?
Why is every situation so clear and simple to you?
Are you really going to break up with him?